Week 1 - I used AI just a little bit this week on the exercises but that was it. I had a couple questions about some concepts that were used in our exercises. I remember using all of them before but I forgot the differences between some like .strip() and .split() and I just needed other reminders and explanations about some other concepts and keywords I forgot, like .replace() and abs and fstrings. So I just used AI to give me brief descriptions to remind me what these things are and how they work so that I could continue on with the exercises at a good pace. And here is my chat link: https://chatgpt.com/share/68c761d9-4074-8013-b6ba-bab2046bfa40
Week 2 - I used AI again this week while doing some of the exercises. I'm learning a lot of new keywords like pop() and some other stuff so I just asked chat to explain what pop() does and then I was able to do the exercise for that one. I also had to ask it to remind me how slicing works because I know I used it before but I forgot the order of how it works but now I know it is start:stop:step and I was able to do that question too. But that is pretty much all I used AI for this week.
Week 3 - I used AI this week to assist me with my exercises. I used AI to teach me when to use for loops and I was able to do much better on the exercises after since there were many exercise questions with for loops. We also used AI to help brainstorm ideas for our project, they were very general but my group members and I were able to develop deeper ideas from those general ideas that the AI gave us.
Week 4 - I used AI again to assist me slight with the exercises for this week. I was using it to explain how assert works. And to rexplain how slicing works again because I forgot for a second.
Week 5 - I used AI this week to help me with my project. I used it to help me generate class assignment names and some usernames and passowrds because I used a lot and I couldnt think of that many. I also helped it build a design for classes for each major and then I implemented code based off that design.
Week 6 - I used AI this week to help me with this week's exercises. I had it explain to me how helper methods and functions work and then it made it a lot easier for me to do the exercises as I was gaining that understanding.
Week 7 - I used AI this week to help me again with this week's exercises. If I was confused or stuck, I'd ask it to clarify if there was something holding me back in my code and why it had that effect.
Week 8 - I used AI this week to help me with the exercises this week. There was a few times I got stuck and just asked AI to help clarify and figure out where I am making my mistakes so I don't do it again.
